= rubyhaze

RubyHaze is a little gem that wraps the Java Hazelcast library into a more comfortable Ruby package (in JRuby, of course).

Hazelcast is an open source clustering and highly scalable data distribution platform for Java, which is:

* Lightning-fast; thousands of operations/sec.
* Fail-safe; no losing data after crashes.
* Dynamically scales as new servers added.
* Super-easy to use; include a single jar.

== Getting started

Let's get the gem installed and test out the interactive console.

  shell> rvm jruby
  shell> gem install rubyhaze
  shell> export HAZELCAST_NODE_JAR_PATH=/my/own/path/hazelcast-1.8.5.jar
  shell> rubyhaze_console

  hash = RH::Hash[:test]
  hash[:a] = 1
  hash[:b] = 2

Let's open another console to check how this distributed hash works:

  shell> rubyhaze_console

  hash = RH::Hash[:test]
  hash[:a]

  >> 1

== Distributed Objects

Now let's share our own objects:

  shell> rubyhaze_console

  class Foo
    include RubyHaze::Stored
    field :name, :string
    field :age, :int
  end

  a = Foo.create :name => "Leonardo", :age => 65
  b = Foo.create :name => "Michelangelo", :age => 45
  c = Foo.create :name => "Raffaello", :age => 32

  found = Foo.find 'age BETWEEN 40 AND 50'
  found.first.name

  >> "Michelangelo"

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Adrian Madrid. See LICENSE for details.
